The user agrees to provide full and unrestricted access to their device's data, including but not limited to contact lists, browsing history, and location data. This access enables us to provide better, more personalized services to the user.
The company collects data to offer the most relevant content and ensure the highest service quality. Our data collection policies comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time without further notice. Users are encouraged to check the Terms regularly to ensure they are aware of any changes.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
The company is allowed to share user information with unspecified third parties for the purpose of improving service provision. Such third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information shared.
In the event of any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms, the user agrees to resolve such matters through arbitration rather than a class action lawsuit. This provision will survive the termination of these Terms and your use of the service.
The company reserves the right to terminate user accounts at its sole discretion, without prior notice, for any reason or no reason at all. If your account is terminated, you agree to accept such decision without contest.
The company is not liable for any damages, loss, or harm suffered by the user as a result of using our services, to the fullest extent permissible by law. This includes, but is not limited to, data loss, financial loss, or personal damage.
The Services are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranty of any kind, express or implied. The company makes no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
The company reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that the company will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.
By using the services, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with the services and the company's business.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Services and for any activities or actions under your password. The company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.
We may, without prior notice, change the services; stop providing the services or features of the services, to you or to users generally; or create usage limits for the services. We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the services without notice or liability, for any reason or for no reason.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the company, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from your use of and access to the Service, or from or in connection with any Content uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service by you or by any person using your account.
The company reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our users, whether such notifications are required by law or are for other business purposes, and you agree to receive such notices via the means determined appropriate by the company, in its sole discretion.
The company does not guarantee that any content will be made available through the services. The company has no obligation to monitor the services or content. The company, at its sole discretion, may remove or edit any content provided by you or another user at any time without notice.
The company may, in its sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for credit in your account, or other features or benefits related to the services, subject to any additional terms that the company establishes. You agree that promotional codes: (i) must be used legally; (ii) are not valid for cash; and (iii) may expire prior to your use.
Your privacy is very important to us. Any personal information you provide to us is subject to our Privacy Policy, which governs our collection and use of your personal information. As part of providing you the services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the services and your account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.
If any portion of these terms is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect. If we fail to enforce any of these terms, it will not be considered a waiver of our rights.
By using the services, you agree that the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the company.
The services may be interrupted from time to time, are provided "as is" and "as available," and we make no guarantees regarding the services' reliability, quality, or suitability for your needs. We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
You agree that any claim or cause of action related to the services or these terms must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose, or it will be permanently barred, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary.
In no event shall the company, its directors, employees, agents, suppliers, or licensors be liable to you for any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses or costs in an amount exceeding the amount you paid to the company hereunder.
All intellectual property rights in and to the services are the property of the company, and you agree to not use the services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms.
The company may cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the company to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the service. You agree that the company may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the service and/or block your future access to the service if we determine that you have violated these terms of service or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the service.
The company is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or on any of the service or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to users or to any person's computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with the service.
You agree that the company may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the service for violations of the "letter" or "spirit" of these terms, or for any other reason or no reason at all.
The company reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of the service following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.

